The ticketing system we discussed before,
made it really easy to find the oldest ticket.
All we had to do was pull out whatever ticket was in the back of the box.
And this is a good feature of the system.
It's totally possible that whoever handles these tickets
will want to address them in chronological order,
to make sure that the oldest issues get resolved first.
But, what if we want to handle the most important issues first?
The system doesn't give us any good way to do that.
So, hopefully spend some time thinking about how you might design such a system.
When I thought about that question,
I came up with three ideas,
I considered the pros and cons,
and eventually, I settled on the one that I thought was best.
Now, I'd like to walk you through my thought process,
because the sort of thinking we do when we think about designing ticketing system,
is almost exactly the same as the thinking we
do when we choose data structures when we're programming.